Embedding videos into the docs and other small changes (#394)
BauplanLabs/bauplan: docs/pages/agents/mcp.mdx

- Run Bauplan projects and pipelines;
- Track, inspect, and cancel jobs.

> Feel free to watch our [debugging demo](https://youtu.be/lUXP89i3TOc?t=98) using MCP that showcases the usage of most of these tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch our [demo](https://youtu.be/lUXP89i3TOc?t=98) to see an AI assistant use the Bauplan MCP Server to debug a data pipeline.
```

Reviewer: this exact wording isn't necessary, but I think the following things can be improved:
- "Feel free to" feels flimsy
- "the usage of most of these tools" makes me wonder which tools are not used, but also there is no previous mention of "tools" so that term also feels abrupt and confusing
- "...using MCP that showcases" I think the point is "what an assistant can do" so the assistant should be centered (I skimmed the youtube video and it does seem to focus on the assistant interaction).

Honestly, "...use the Bauplan MCP server..." can probably also be dropped, because the MCP server is just an integration point and this whole section doesn't actually care about it. We can probably better develop what an MCP is and how it helps in a separate section... but that maybe is more than this PR needs to do.

Author: You're right, I'll shorten this to `Watch our [demo](https://youtu.be/lUXP89i3TOc?t=98) to see an AI assistant debug a data pipeline.`
